Troubleshooting Inquiry index.md (#5665)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-mixpanel/index.md

If the Mixpanel (Actions) destination uses $group_id as the group key, ensure that the mappings handling your `track` events have the field for **Group ID** mapped to a valid value. By default, this field maps to the event variable `context.groupId`.

> ### Why is Broadman, Oregon appearing in all user's profile location field?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why is Boardman, Oregon appearing in my users' profile location field?
```

> If you are seeing traffic from Boardman or see Segment as the browser, this is most likely because you are sending calls to Mixpanel (Actions) from the server side (our AWS servers reside in Boardman, Oregon). In order to prevent the Boardman issue, you would have to manually pass the IP information in the context object from the server.

Reviewer: Hi @courtneyga - I'm not familiar with the AWS regions. Would it be Broadman or Boardman, Oregon?

```suggestion
If you are seeing traffic from Boardman or see Segment as the browser, you might be sending server side calls to your Mixpanel (Actions) destination. To correctly populate your users' profile location field, manually pass the IP information in the context object from the server.
```
